Update links in Checkout Customizability article (#1411)
bigcommerce/dev-docs: docs/api-docs/building-checkouts/checkout-customizability.md

| | What is it? | When should I use it? | Where do I find it? |
|-|-|-|-|
|**Open Checkout**| Open checkout is the open-source option of BigCommerce's Optimized One-Page Checkout.<br/><br/> A browser-based application that converts a cart to an order, allowing shoppers to complete checkout.<br/><br/>  Our reference implementation of checkout built on top of the Checkout JS SDK. | This option allows developers to create a custom checkout from a fully functional foundation (as a starting point for their efforts or even contribute to it).<br/> <br/>Add features or make moderate-sized changes to BigCommerce’s checkout (hosted on the BigCommerce storefront). | [Open Checkout Quick Start](/stencil-docs/customizing-checkout/open-checkout-quick-start)

> |**Checkout JS SDK**| A client-side vanilla JavaScript library that is a wrapper for the Storefront Checkout API.<br/><br/> The SDK handles all the API calls necessary to move shoppers through the checkout experience. From customer login, fetching shipping quotes, and payment methods through to paying an order.| This option allows developers to build a custom checkout from scratch by creating a presentation layer for checkout. Completely replacing the UI/UX without having to do the heavy lifting of dealing with Storefront API endpoints.<br/><br/> Significant front-end customizations and/or feature additions to checkout (hosted on the BigCommerce storefront).<br/><br/> **Note:** SDK does not let you introduce new behavior. While you can filter based on shipping methods, you cannot create new shipping methods or payment methods. | [Checkout SDK](/api-docs/cart-and-checkout/checkout-sdk |

Reviewer: ```suggestion
|**Checkout JS SDK**| A client-side vanilla JavaScript library that is a wrapper for the Storefront Checkout API.<br/><br/> The SDK handles all the API calls necessary to move shoppers through the checkout experience. From customer login, fetching shipping quotes, and payment methods through to paying an order.| This option allows developers to build a custom checkout from scratch by creating a presentation layer for checkout. Completely replacing the UI/UX without having to do the heavy lifting of dealing with Storefront API endpoints.<br/><br/> Significant front-end customizations and/or feature additions to checkout (hosted on the BigCommerce storefront).<br/><br/> **Note:** SDK does not let you introduce new behavior. While you can filter based on shipping methods, you cannot create new shipping methods or payment methods. | [Checkout SDK](/stencil-docs/customizing-checkout/checkout-sdk) |
```

Reviewer: redirects indicate that this is the preferred human-readable link. also md close bracket.
